= Dreamhost Personal Backup Gem

THIS IS A WORK IN PROGRESS. FEATURES MAY NOT WORK AND DOCUMENTATION MAY NOT BE ACCURATE.
PLEASE DO NOT USE FOR BACKUPS.

Provides functionality to perform personal backups to Dreamhost personal backup servers on Linux or OSX.

Dreamhost provides a 'personal backup' that allows you to (surprisingly) back up your personal files to
special Dreamhost backup servers. These backups are designed to be actual backups and so there are no backups
kept of these backups on the Dreamhost side. It's just a nice place to store backups of your personal files.

This gem contains functionality to schedule backups in an easy to configure manner. Currently you must set
up your own schedule to execute this gem. You can configure via a YAML file to determine your backup targets.

This gem uses rsync to perform the backups and keeps a 1-to-1 copy of the files on your host (i.e. 'target') machine
on the Dreamhost personal backup server.

=== Configuration

This gem can be called either by passing a configuration YAML filepath or by setting up a configuration file in a
default location. The default location that this gem will reference for a configuration file is
'~/.dreamhost_personal_backup/default_config.yml'. If this file does not exist and no config file is passed to the gem
then an error will be raised.

=== Usage

The gem accepts only one parameter: a config file path.

Usage:
    DreamhostPersonalBackup('path/to/config_file')

This will kick off the backup process using the parameters provided. A return code will be provided indicating
success or failure.
